---
title: "#022: Studio News: December 2023"
description: "Been a minute since I've checked in, hasn't it? Let's go over what I've been up to the past few months, as well as what I've got coming down the pipe."  
date: 2024-01-21
tags: ['music', 'studio notes', 'personal', 'our lady maven', 'barren', 'the garden', 'tabula rosetta', 'blogpost']
---


Hey ya'll! As you know, it's been a good minute since I've had the time to sit down and write a full-on Studio Update. We're finally settled in--mostly--in the new studio[^1], and I wanted to check in and let y'all know what's coming down the pike, what I've been up to, and where I'm planning on heading next.

---

## WHAT I'VE BEEN WORKING ON 

### OUR LADY MAVEN & THE GARDEN

### BARREN & LILIES ON ACHERON

### SNAKES AND POSSIBLE CO-CONSPIRATORS


---

## WHAT I'VE BEEN UP TO

### DEPRESSION. 

### ONE YEAR SOBER

### LEARNING TO PAINT AGAIN



### NAMES (THE BIG ONE)

I will probably write something longer over the course of the next few months about this, but I do want to get it out of the way now.

While the domain name sarahallenreed.com will probably still direct to my main site for a while until I properly set the redirect up to piperbly.com, I am no longer going by that name.

Call me Piper, if you could. It suits me a bit better, for a number of reasons.

---

## WHAT'S NEXT

### SIX THREES FOR THE NEW YEAR

### 

That's about the long and short of it! Sorry for the absence; this move took a lot out of myself and the crew, but it was a long time coming and was (and hopefully will continue to be) well worth it. 

I'll be back soon with a less serious column; namely, the next installment of The Finer Things. Lord knows I could use a break from talking about work, and besides, I want to blab your ear off about the Dirty Harry series. It may take a minute to get it all penned up and uploaded; I added wordcounts to posts in [the most recent update of the site code](/post/misc_truckstopupdate/) and seeing as [the last one](/post/0011) hovered around eight and a half grand...you get the idea. But it'll be entertaining, and (hopefully, as always) worth reading if you care to give my ramblin's a bit of your time.

I also have quite a few new Photo Rolls to upload, and a few new other features to update this ol' site with as well, not to mention a new update for the [main site](https://sarahallenreed.com) to boot. That will hopefully be up relatively soon as well.

Thank you all, as always, for reading and for sticking with me. You're all amazing and don't let anyone tell you that you're not. See you soon.

--Piper

---
<p style="text-align: center;">Footnotes...</p>


[^1]: 