content/post/misc.md, before:

---
title: "Miscellany"
description: "Some random stuff, some fun facts, and other thingies that I couldn't figure out a way to squeeze into a post."
tags: ['FAQ', 'personal']
date: 1969-04-20
layout: single
---

---

<img class="floatright" src="/constructionsm.png"/> 

The following is a series of links to random [accoutrements](https://www.merriam-webster.com/dictionary/accoutrement) that I just couldn't figure out a way to shoehorn into a post, but didn't want to build a whole new website for. So, I'm putting them all under a lil' umbrella here for those of you who would be interested in these types of things.

*Note: This list is VERY incomplete at the moment--I'm in the middle of a bunch of things and need time to code a bunch of the things I plan on including here. I'm tossing it up as-is at this moment, though, and I'll be adding to it fairly constantly. Dead links to things I have planned but haven't figured out ways to put them up here yet will be accompanied by a &quot;COMING SOON&quot; tag. Check back soon; maybe they'll be up when you come visit next!*

---

## The Listening List

At some point in 2023, I decided to start keeping a comprehensive log of everything I listened to in the studio. There were various reasons for this--I tend to listen to a lot of jazz that ends up on The Jazz Program in the studio, I wanted an incentive to vary my listening a bit more, it would be helpful to remember which albums I actually liked and might want to write a bit about--but regardless, [you can view the list here](/post/misc_listen) in Markdown format.

Most likely updated at the end of each month.

---

## My Commonplace Book (COMING SOON)

I keep a small text file on my [Pinephone](/post/photoroll03.md) with a series of thoughts, feelings, and other things I feel the need to write down and document as I go about my day. I still need to figure out a way to make it parsable while removing certain more personal elements (inspired by the fantastic [Soren Bjornstad ](https://zettelkasten.sorenbjornstad.com/#RandomThoughts)), but once I do that'll go up here.

---

## Website Update Histories

Starting with this update, I plan on making little "feature update" lists whenever I add anything of interest. Until then, you can always check out [my Github](https://github.com/SarahAllenReed) and check out the commit histories there for a much more abbreviated summary of what I've been tinkering with.

---

### sarahallenreed.com

As of right now, [all that I have up is the Github commit list.](https://github.com/SarahAllenReed/sarahallenreed/commits/master)

### truckstop.coffee

The current Site Update list is [here](/post/misc_truckstopupdate), and you can also check out the Github commit list [here.](https://github.com/SarahAllenReed/truckstopcoffee/commits/main)

## My Zettlekasten (COMING SOON)

I use a [General Grant](https://www.pipesandcigars.com/p/general-grant-cigars/1466665/) cigar box to keep a small paper-slip style [zettelkasten](https://zettelkasten.de/introduction/), which I use to do a lot of my research for non-fiction and journalistic works. I am in the process of digitizing it; once I do (probably at some point during the creation of Snakes) and once I figure out how to make the digitized version easily browsable digitally (most likely with [Tiddlywiki](https://tiddlywiki.com/), and once again (inspired by the fantastic [Soren Bjornstad ](https://zettelkasten.sorenbjornstad.com/) and his public Zettelkasten) I'll upload it here.

Commit message:

Whole bunch of new updates. See the patch notes for deets.

content/post/misc.md, after:

---
title: "Miscellany"
description: "Some random stuff, some fun facts, and other thingies that I couldn't figure out a way to squeeze into a post."
tags: ['FAQ', 'personal']
date: 1969-04-20
layout: single
---


<img class="floatright" src="/constructionsm.png"/> 

The following is a series of links to random [accoutrements](https://www.merriam-webster.com/dictionary/accoutrement) that I just couldn't figure out a way to shoehorn into a post, but didn't want to build a whole new website for. So, I'm putting them all under a lil' umbrella here for those of you who would be interested in these types of things.

*Note: This list is VERY incomplete at the moment--I'm in the middle of a bunch of things and need time to code a bunch of the things I plan on including here. I'm tossing it up as-is at this moment, though, and I'll be adding to it fairly constantly. Dead links to things I have planned but haven't figured out ways to put them up here yet will be accompanied by a &quot;COMING SOON&quot; tag. Check back soon; maybe they'll be up when you come visit next!*

---

## The Listening List

At some point in 2023, I decided to start keeping a comprehensive log of everything I listened to in the studio. There were various reasons for this--I tend to listen to a lot of jazz that ends up on The Jazz Program in the studio, I wanted an incentive to vary my listening a bit more, it would be helpful to remember which albums I actually liked and might want to write a bit about, etc. Most likely updated at the end of each month.

<span style="font-size: 1.3em"> [Click here for The Listening List](/post/misc_listen) </span>

---

## My Commonplace Book (COMING SOON)

I keep a small text file on my [Pinephone](/post/photoroll03.md) with a series of thoughts, feelings, and other things I feel the need to write down and document as I go about my day. I still need to figure out a way to make it parsable while removing certain more personal elements (inspired by the fantastic [Soren Bjornstad ](https://zettelkasten.sorenbjornstad.com/#RandomThoughts)), but once I do that'll go up here.

---

## Website Update Histories

Starting with this update, I plan on making little "feature update" lists whenever I add anything of interest. Until then, you can always check out [my Github](https://github.com/SarahAllenReed) and check out the commit histories there for a much more abbreviated summary of what I've been tinkering with.

### sarahallenreed.com (COMING SOON)

As of right now, [all that I have up is the Github commit list.](https://github.com/SarahAllenReed/sarahallenreed/commits/master)

### truckstop.coffee

<span style="font-size: 1.3em"> [Click here for Truckstop Coffee's Patch Notes](/post/misc_truckstopupdate) </span>

You can also check out the Github commit list [here.](https://github.com/SarahAllenReed/truckstopcoffee/commits/main)

---

## My Zettlekasten (COMING SOON)

I use a [General Grant](https://www.pipesandcigars.com/p/general-grant-cigars/1466665/) cigar box to keep a small paper-slip style [zettelkasten](https://zettelkasten.de/introduction/), which I use to do a lot of my research for non-fiction and journalistic works. I am in the process of digitizing it; once I do (probably at some point during the creation of Snakes) and once I figure out how to make the digitized version easily browsable digitally (most likely with [Tiddlywiki](https://tiddlywiki.com/), and once again (inspired by the fantastic [Soren Bjornstad ](https://zettelkasten.sorenbjornstad.com/) and his public Zettelkasten) I'll upload it here.
